Annie, 
This typewriter's page is interactive and you can type in it if you click on it. If you look at the screen while typing, I swear it will seem like magic is occuring, as if words are magically appearing on a page. As if your thoughts were being streamed into it and you, the observer, were beaming it over to a monitor. https://sorcerawr.com/typewritehere
I made that last night. I didn't even mean to make that last night. It blew past what I expected. I have realized recently that I have that level of access and output to 'the creative's spark', and it will be a tragedy if this is not nurtured. A plant needs sunlight. Without sunlight, it will surely be a short time before my mind's doubts eat me alive. 
If I take off, I will be skyrocketing, but I don't have connections in the art world. I don't know this world. I don't know what to do. I'm perfectly comfortable with triggering an entire art collective and waking them up with a fresh light of what's possible with tech when we go back to ground zero, but I don't know how to break into the space. I didn't even know I was an artist until recently.
I am really the worst kind of creative ego of course, with that undeserving arrogant nature. But there's also a sanity in recognizing that I've been given something. I've looked at Alexei Shulgin and he clearly had a creative vision going on in his youth, though it does not appear he 'broke out of being himself' as I have, the cultural and personal boundaries, and lacking that self awareness that changes one's focus from self to what affects the world, communication, love, connection, empathy, bonding, but who am I to judge. In any case, I am lucky to be existing as a person with that awakeness. 

But.

For real, I can't make it in isolation. I need my tribe. Lest the crops perish. 
Not quite sure what my plan is so I'll keep flailing around in the darkness for now. 
I am sure you and your cohorts are no longer in the madness of youth, and your art has become a more serious craft along with more serious lives as well..but in my position, your art world is a young man's game I want to play. And I hope you think I sound crazy because I am glad to be. 
 
-James Bytes 
