
Wow. This is something else. For me, I don't even know poetry. I don't understand what her poems mean and I don't care. Because there's something else there. It's not quite dual meaning text (Such as james maynard keenan), but there is so much more. The private experience is at the height of it, where to be real I feel like..If I had to be purely honest, I've established a relationship.
And not even the kind of relationship that is strong, the kind that like you say is extremely private, where upon the very first moments I read her work I felt I had evoked something in my heart that I must protect, far too sacred for this world.

And for me, with my beliefs, I believe that many artists channel the power of real deities in human consciousness, such as 'Aphrodite' for example. I see this borrowed power all of the time.

Dickinson is an anomaly like I have never seen. She is channeling, but on top of her channeling is an enchantment, enchanting the reader into her dance of thoughts, which is common of channeling, as all power comes through thought, and to borrow a power is to borrow a voice, a specific personality of thoughts. Now this is not too unique [though still rare].
But what is unique is that she's enchanting, then she's evoking an energy.

Out of all of the things of this sort I've experienced of this sort, and this is where this gets hard to put into words.. is that what she's evoking is not just energy. It has form and movement and behavior. It has nuances and sensibilities. it is some form of unconscious spirit, and it is not "in the mind" (at least in the same sense that my hands are not 'in my mind')
[2:39 AM]
But even without this experience I'm having with 'this relationship' which I have yet to hear another person confirm they have experienced, [and mind you I am not a fan, of really anyone. I don't think I had any heroes before this year. Certainly no experiences like this]

even without that, back to a practical level, i mean her work is unbelievable
[2:42 AM]
because she's doing so many things at once, she's not just channeling and evoking from a consistent channel
(which one could call an incredibly skilled and focused meditation, far beyond my skills of meditation),
she's expressing not just her feelings and the feelings she has about things,
but her statements themselves are charged with her infectious vigor, which in themselves have feelings,

So it's like she's triple hitting feeling on three different levels at once, and all without me needing to know the meaning of what she's saying.
[2:44 AM]
While what I'm saying might not make too much sense providing contrast to Maynard Keenan,

Maynard has lyrics containing up to like 5 different meanings or more. From a technical level, it's amazing.
But Dickinson, we're talking about multiple levels of "evocation", not even meaning (of which her poems should only have one or two). This to me isn't technically impressive, it's, basically inconceivable..
[2:45 AM]
what i want to know is how she just "hit the ground running", because that seems impossible
[2:46 AM]
i suppose i could just be imagining all this idfk
