Mending Wall interpretation



there's another interpretation here, whether accidental or not
He is defined as the apple orchard. The conscious being, the operator that bears good fruit, apples.
His neighbor is the pine, the sharp, the darkness of his consciousness.
These two parts are walled off for the sake of protection from the other, they can't be facing each other. Light burns the darkness,
and darkness corrupts the light.
But, he, apple orchard, recognizes that they can both exist and perceive each other, because he will never go into the works of evil, and the works of evil will never go into his good intentions. [though even though he recognizes this, the apple orchard still masks his own intention..which also hurts his credibility of truly being an apple orchard..]
However the other side says, "Good fences make good neighbors".
Which, at first seems like his response to "We can both see each other and be in the same room", is essentially, "Nah, I feel like a wall is a better idea."
But in reality, what is so ominous about the statement, is it reveals absolutely nothing. There is no understanding to be gained from his statement. The darkness does not in any way wish to reveal its intentions. That is not its nature.  He isn't even thinking about the words, it's more like he grabbed them from somewhere and sent them into view.
.
The good side, then does what the good part always tries to do. I can't be evil. I just can't be evil. I just can't be evil. So let's try to make the darkness good. By force. I hate him [he is evil!], I, being the conscious operator, can forcibly change the way he thinks if I try. Because I'm the one thinking. So I can make him think!
I can put a notion in his head! I can change him!
I want to understand what is to be understood! [thats my role as the light side of consciousness.] So I want to understand him!
I want us to both be aligned mutually, to both say the same thing, to both see that our Elves are the same Elves, but I want him to say it! [I can again imagine him thinking this thought, but I want to change him so that he says it on his own.]
and then we see that, in Evil's statement again of "Good fences make good neighbors", we can see that he's got evil intentions. That his words don't match what he says.
for a starter, perhaps he is the kind of person who finds a "good neighbor" a simple fool to kill, and he'll keep a good fence for a while and kill his neighbor after he trusts him and his behavior.
Furthermore, we can see a very very different kind of being from the other side of consciousness.
See, the conscious operator side uses thoughts in order to operate. It knows how to create thoughts, move around feelings, think. It needs to see thoughts in order to operate.
But the other side, the darkness, it doesn't work that way. It doesn't need "to think", to think. It doesn't need to "hear its thoughts", to think. It can move in and about and around the trees without the attachment to the conscious front stage.
However it also displays a bit of a retardation. It doesn't have the same eloquency to thoughts that the conscious operator does. You might ask it a question, and it might just return the same thought several times until you work with it.
And finally..
.
.
where the poem gets truly wonderful in a way, is we have to 'use a sort of spell to make them balance.' because this is a very complicated set of affairs.
We both need the fence, and we both need to not have the fence. And we need this to happen in such a pattern that we do not lose sanity.
When we need the fence up,
the evil can live its life in the darkness, doing whatever horrible things we do not see.
meanwhile, the good can live and be good, and temporarily delude itself into believing that it is holy and good.
the evil one also likes to build a plan and amass boulders to kill the good one wall the wall is up,
and the good one grows in strength and looks for a solution to kill the evil one in whatever ideologies or people he can find.
(this section is purely jungian shadow psychology:
then when the wall goes down, here is the evil ones chance to attack,
But here also is the necessary time for the good to attack!
If the good one does not let down the wall, the evil one would just keep amassing new armies and it would be a clusterfuck. The walls need to come down for the good to wipe out some of the evil armadas.
)
And now for the kicker, the unfairness of it all,
the irony of the situation, that such a good neighbor, would resort to any dastardly plot as well, any manipulation or coercion or betrayal or trick to get rid  of the evil one for good.
and we have a sort of game theory situation here. We both need to kill the other, but we both need to maintain who we are and continue to exist, and for that to happen we can't go to all out war or the psyche won't be able to handle it.

but in this poem, it seems we are at a point in which the good one is trying to finish this game, he wants to convince the darkness to remove the wall so that he could force the unseen to be seen, the unknown to be faced and come into the light of what is seen, and therefore within the range of what the conscious operator is able to work with.
Also, the author may be an example of the "unreliable narrator"
Low Key Divenie — Today at 3:53 AM
To answer your questions:
1. Nah, the pine just wants to kill the apple orchid. However, the dark side of consciousness does usually attack in this way, "I know who you really are. You think you can fool others but you can't fool me. You can't be good because this happened once." those kinds of assaults. And perhaps it does believe that the "good guy" is a fraud, which may be why he wants to kill him[on a much deeper level, perhaps we could say the consciousness is seeking the truth, and wants to kill inauthenticity].

2. The other hunters are other people. You're walking along in life, and you're deluding yourself well. You've convinced yourself of who you think you are and you're riding a great spell. You're a fantastic person! But then you cross paths with someone else, and they tell you things about yourself that you didn't see. They reveal your blind spots. You behave in ways you didn't like or even understand why you did. The hunters have made you see the "gaps", the holes in your story about who you are and why you're so great.
"The works of hunters is another thing." (a different kind of mental repair and wall building then the one required against the 'neighbor'.)
Every time others have destroyed his story, that's where him and his neighbor find himself, and have to draw a line and build a wall.

This is because others point attention to the cracks in his story, then obliterate it, and now the focused attention of him is on this area of himself. In this sense, some of the boulders left on each side are the narrative evidence the others have presented, and consciousness must build a stable story for the psyche to stabilize.
Low Key Divenie — Today at 4:07 AM
There is one final insight the poet shares..
that that is that he actually does understand one thing about his not understood 'Dark' self. (Btw, get it, they're Elves. Dark Elves, Light Elves)
The one trait it holds is that it seems to like to pull up the father's (His deeper consciousness, the bigger Self) favorite words.

The poet is holding up that even if he understands nothing else, he does in fact know one thing about his neighbor, and that is that his neighbor likes their father's words.

From here, the poet may not know what to make of this information, but he can surely use it to try to deduce more about the makeup of his neighbor, what its driving forces and motivations and beliefs and ideas could be. It's literally the only piece of information he has, because aside from pulling up thoughts from his deeper self, his neighbor does not speak.
Extra stuff:
Where there are cows? But here there are no cows. <--because he's in the mind
and it's clear to me that this is indeed a genius poem, because he is indeed mirroring with two stories.
One is the inner war I have just described,
the other is literally the mending of our outer walls with other people.
But what makes it genius is that in real life your interaction with your neighbor and the wall is very simple and you do not know much about it, though a lot can be said for it
and in the hidden internal life there is much more going on.
The two starkly different stories of the poem actually paint how much is seen and not seen.
.
I just looked into it to make sure this was the interpretation because this is a hell of a lot of content.. and I am certain it is now because of what he says about it.

"Frost made a few other remarks about “Mending Wall” over the years. In his old age, he said it had been “spoiled” by being “applied.” "
I would say that means he means people "applied" it to "literalism", the physical world relationships.

Then later, The aging Frost also reflected, “Maybe I was both fellows in the poem.” Frost’s qualifiers—“probably,” “maybe”—make mischief all over again.
