Well, I'm not quite sure what threw me into the category of "consumer chasing creativity, beyond desperate to be seen for the uniqueness I am" to get recommended this,
but it's true I'm pretty serious about creativity right now. I'm keeping my study reads over on GoodReads https://www.goodreads.com/review/list/135257757?shelf=%23ALL%23
and also happen to be shamelessly stacking up useful text from books on a neverending page, https://sorcerawr.com/noteneverending.
As for the video..



I've never seen such a well-made video appealing to troubled geniuses with racing thoughts and the fears that creatives share. Demonstrating a respectful polish of stagecraft and stage presence with the folks at FUGA Aggregation pulling in a top-notch professional job, with a nice mention of the classic "Even though this was produced with a record company, the record industry is evil and the industry is a lie" line, refurbished and revamped for the next gen. What's nice is towards the end I hear some real authenticity, that you share some things you do believe and do care about.
Honestly, not that long ago, I probably would have been your biggest fan.
This character is too endearing to even care whether or not it's real. The softer than life skin, slightly unkempt hair, tone of voice of a fine composure but as though you're holding yourself back, the spark of a creative girl who's just scared and just hopes everything will be okay. The slight touch of madness proudly worn visible. Every artist's dream best friend and girlfriend, unconsciously wishing they could look and express themselves so freely, to be seen for their true creative essence. Wishing they could just tell you, "It's all okay! We see your creative expression! You're perfect just as you are!".

Welcome to a beyond incredible era far beyond 'mass marketing', the industry doesn't sell you what the industry thinks you like,
now the industry sells you who you believe that you are. They take what you desire deepest, your self expression, and sell it to you.
But even in new territory, there is always balance to provide a counterpart.
I've got my site alone over at sorcerawr.com, and I think this is the first time I've ever announced the actual intention of the site [though it's always been readable in its source code].

And that hidden intention that I will likely not announce again, is that I got tired of our leaders and voices with false transparency. Sorcerawr kind of flips the script. On the surface, it kinda looks dark and mysterious,  but when you pull back the cover, aha. Turns out to be quality genuine information. Users see the fruit of the tree, and sees that the tree has good fruit.
Good trees don't bear bad fruit. Remember that. Thanks for reading <3

And Savannah, with respect, grind your grind, best of luck in all your creations and endeavors.
