<!-- see this secret, you barely say anything for a long time,
then you say a lot.

do you see what else is happening here? you thought you were on a linear
growth path, but in the freedom of being, we're expressing from a level
we aren't even ready for. the master's level. the i am level. the
master magician. hello.
-->

dont you just hate it when something claims to be something,
and yet turns out to be an entirely different monster?

why cant the world just be genuine, why is it filled with such deception?
i have no idea. maybe intentions change. maybe writers and creators are
deceptive by default. maybe magic is the art of delusion and deception,
and we live in a magical world we aren't paying attention to.

if you can't see, i'm experimenting. and i think, in playing around, i
have discovered another secret.

i claimed this site was an entertainment and media site. yet instead, i
filled it with more lucrative content, that of which improves ones daily
life. What happened?

I started off wanting to share what I found, taking advantage of a mastery
of identifying and collecting top tier creative media.
My intention was to share what I thought people would like.
This was surpassed by another intention, born out of the focus of caring
about the lives of other, more than me.

The intention changed, and the results changed.
And here is the common variable with all of these human ambitions and projects.
We claim to be one thing and our intentions slowly lead us toward revealing
ourselves as another.
The news site reveals itself to be committed to gaining attention through fear
over a commitment to truth, because its deeper intention is to hold you in its
net by whatever means necessary.

how interesting, this phenomenon. We don't like deception, when what is hidden
underneath is revealed to be lesser than what is promised. But what a pleasant
surprise, when what is underneath is revealed to be greater than what was
promised!
And here is a secret to the art of magic. Darkness always masquerades itself
as light, we know that.
So, the master magician, or creator, can flip the script. We can disguise light
in a veil of darkness, only to inevitably be revealed for what it is.

This principle remains always. All will always reveal its true nature.
Taking advantage of this principle, one can plant light bombs all throughout
the darkness.
