
--- The Source of Creativity
oh btw SorceRawr is no longer a content cultivation site it is now a the creativity cultivation site on the internet, [5:19 AM]
--

i've been kinda thinking about my website building
and realizing that the site I want to make is the site I would want to find.
Where I'd stumble on this site myself and love it. And be like. This is everything I was looking for holy fuck.
In other words. My site actually doesn't cater to a general audience. I just realized this.
It caters to a younger version of me.

---

most popular site in the world for creatives, definitive source for inspiration and creative access and tools..no filler.

----

Why do I work on sorcerawr?
-Expression
-Deception to Genuine
-Light Hidden in Darkness
-I wanted to display as bad with my hidden intention being good. Display as a bad character, who brings ONLY good fruits.
-All will always reveal its true nature.
-Taking advantage of this principle, one can plant light bombs all throughout
the darkness.

-building something incredible inside myself, building something incredible outside of myself.

What do I provide?
-Secrets
- The most important secrets. The must know

Why do I provide?
New:
-I will  fill light in a dark world.
-I will improve the lives of those who do not know how to pick up tools for themselves.
-I will play as the master magi.
-- I will gather a gift of critically important information and give it away in one package.

Old:
-I wanted to share mastery things to validate myself.
-I wanted to create a successful site.

What does sorcerawr display on the surface?
-Power.

What is sorcerawr?
A site that claimed to be entertainment and turned out to be improving lives.
A veil of darkness disguising light
Planting light bombs all throughout the darkness.

What does sorcerawr believe?








What must I avoid?
-Must avoid striving for success or pleasing others.
-one can plant light bombs all throughout the darkness.











<!-- see this secret, you barely say anything for a long time,
then you say a lot.

do you see what else is happening here? you thought you were on a linear
growth path, but in the freedom of being, we're expressing from a level
we aren't even ready for. the master's level. the i am level. the
master magician. hello.
-->

dont you just hate it when something claims to be something,
and yet turns out to be an entirely different monster?

why cant the world just be genuine, why is it filled with such deception?
i have no idea. maybe intentions change. maybe writers and creators are
deceptive by default. maybe magic is the art of delusion and deception,
and we live in a magical world we aren't paying attention to.

if you can't see, i'm experimenting. and i think, in playing around, i
have discovered another secret.

i claimed this site was an entertainment and media site. yet instead, i
filled it with more lucrative content, that of which improves ones daily
life. What happened?

I started off wanting to share what I found, taking advantage of a mastery
of identifying and collecting top tier creative media.
My intention was to share what I thought people would like.
This was surpassed by another intention, born out of the focus of caring
about the lives of other, more than me.

The intention changed, and the results changed.
And here is the common variable with all of these human ambitions and projects.
We claim to be one thing and our intentions slowly lead us toward revealing
ourselves as another.
The news site reveals itself to be committed to gaining attention through fear
over a commitment to truth, because its deeper intention is to hold you in its
net by whatever means necessary.

how interesting, this phenomenon. We don't like deception, when what is hidden
underneath is revealed to be lesser than what is promised. But what a pleasant
surprise, when what is underneath is revealed to be greater than what was
promised!
And here is a secret to the art of magic. Darkness always masquerades itself
as light, we know that.
So, the master magician, or creator, can flip the script. We can disguise light
in a veil of darkness, only to inevitably be revealed for what it is.

This principle remains always. All will always reveal its true nature.
Taking advantage of this principle, one can plant light bombs all throughout
the darkness.


<!-- WHY DOES THIS EXIST

what you do simply serves as the PROOF of what you believe.
what you do simply serves as the PROOF of what you believe.
what you do simply serves as the PROOF of what you believe.

People don't buy WHAT you do
People buy WHY you do it.

WHY is loyal, they want to be a part of what you do


WHAT is fame and success

not to sell to people who need what you have,
but to sell to people who believe what you believe.

people want to be first.
what you do simply serves as the PROOF of what you believe.

no one showed up for mlk to hear him speak. they showed up for themselves.

we follow those who lead because we WANT to,
not because we HAVE to.
We follow those who lead, not for them, but for OURSELVES.

what you believe.

(2nd video, trust
why did you do it? military says, "they would have done it for me"

instead of layoffs guy made mandatory 4 weeks unpaid vacation taken at any time
"He said that its better if all of us should suffer a little, than that any of us should suffer a lot."

"I know many people who are at the bottom of organizations that have no authority and they are absolutely leaders.
And this is because they have chosen to look after the person to the left of them and they have chosen to look after
the person to the right of them. This is what a leader IS.
"
)
